create en/webex/do_webex_vc.md (#528)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: en/webex/do_webex_vc.md

## Functions available while joining or hosting a meeting via a video conferencing system  

### Content sharing  

* When you turn on content sharing via the video conferencing system, the content is also shared with the host and participants who are joining via Webex.  
* When participants who are joining via Webex share content, this can also be received by the participants who are joining via the video conferencing system.  

### Muting/Unmuting  

* There are two mute settings; **1. one for the video conferencing system (which controls whether the video conferencing system sends audio to Webex or not), and 2. one for Webex.** If these two mute settings are not deactivated, audio will not be sent via the video conferencing system.  
* When you mute all the participants while using Webex, this means that the 2nd mute setting described above is activated.  
* The 1st mute setting is different depending on the device, so please refer to the manual of your device.  
* To activate/deactivate the 2nd mute setting, enter "*6" on the dial pad.  

### Functions for meeting hosts  

> * See "[DTMF Commands for Video Device-Enabled Cisco Webex Meetings](https://help.webex.com/ja-jp/article/nli1uz4/)" for the functions available while hosting a meeting via a video conferencing system.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See "[DTMF Commands for Video Device-Enabled Cisco Webex Meetings](https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/nli1uz4/)" for the functions available while hosting a meeting via a video conferencing system.  
```
アップロード作業お疲れ様です(レビュアーではないものの、少しコメントさせていただきます)。
このリンクですが、日本語版へのリンクになっているため、上のように英語版にリンクしたほうがいいと思います。
